medicines are literally under our feet
according to the professor of botany
world famous scientist alexander
Rabinovich all his life he dedicated to collecting
pharmaceutical studies
through Trostyanets we caught him in
the greenhouse where are the real pharmacy but
many of these plants have our
homes and garden plots
various diseases
related
does not have a place shades
Kalanchoe leaves live
literally two three times and you
stop all to clean the gate
moreover, it needs to be swallowed
after you live
and it works great on the stomach
intestine laurels noble we appreciate
its plenary properties however
proven
he relieves spasms and speech angina and
The rest of the old women
brought recipes
consists of restaurants capital laurels
its long crash two two and a half hours
and here are the boiled tomaso take on the dining room
spoon 2 3 times a day
Korea where America if you have to date and
the site of the attack
sometimes such issues strengthen the list
the top of the plant is the same topic
this batch she will be decontaminated
lats and raise the price of oil
not for nothing and 17 years old is two hundred and sixty
toxic drugs
Sea buckthorn has family properties
wreck knows however the prices
drug machine what is the statement
the flu
just the opposite
if he has nowhere these risks should be
every home book is a military mortgage
better to pluck their male tree
dry shred spit
a tickling of seagull powder
can be brewed from fresh leaves Ivan
lemon balm mint tea
currant only about two hundred species
of plants
magic aroma
probably now possible without a gift to
conducting training
I consider the head of the city’s guests so
bid as soon as we can already are not afraid not
harm should know more about the plant world
the professor claims only knowledge
Professionals must carry them
alas a little
we continue to swallow drugs
bets for help may come injuries